photographed
in classical to her puts the clocks back to
the time today and the big track
did not scare him quite
it's true that I was sure of my
mare great track now it takes
prove it and here today it was
perfect by a lot better and more
freely believe that this is the phase
descendant who arrange it with his
look then we'll tell everyone
Netizens yesterday I meet you I got you
said the filly like me how to go
for tomorrow on jose not pronounce myself
what were you doing
not say precisely in relation to a
classic ah no no it is taken
So many signs when we are two
or three with horses that are estimated
better than others is that I
did not want to be in the unknown
I think she is able to do
big track better than small track but
I was not sure I did not want to say
that we are never sure
there she took the lead is what
the best like that by practicing the
race in the lead
at home I always work hidden
to invite him but we do not feel a
blazing progress aside fate of a
back so in front of view the amplitude she
take I think that to waste time the
descent this enemy took the
chronos it was voluntary for you to
to leave very quickly
yeah well that's what is done very
easily so we lose yet dany
scratch the same they do not know forced
so for them it's easy they are they
are in these ideas are in the
facilitate it has chic in more yeah
maybe more beautiful than his sister
stop late for her sister her cousin
and and blondel
she's a little stronger a little bit more
old well following his program
obviously we continue in them in
semi classic but the goal
priority is what with her despite
that they stay calm enough because there
in the end she is
and tense one goes covered and semi classic
then go go criteria like demont think about it
in the trunks comes nothing so I think
that I will have access to take care filippi
the ranks of tfc franck anne in huy is
a great coach
it's been years that the same courses
colt regularly these are the
same
franck anne frederic prat of garat early
that's often the same
boroy now who played with us
and well yes, terrible good mood
walk 13
he did it all is still with
headwind uphill is huge it's
one does his mare but I have very very
happy with my fillies
I am very very happy with them
lemon color finally two bodies
lemon yohan mathis he operates with the
two queens
it is very little on the hand has a little
annoying like that and we did not put any
bush would have said I think I have some
margin of walking
and then the other is more to gevrey
mare speed track hop la
design it's a real small
American flat track but what
is that's fine what she
make two categories
she walks braids and 13.8 she is she
is delighted quality of near curvature
immediately it has not held a dress
she is a real speed mare but
she has little job too with three
meter races
wen is not a job but we feel and a
greater speed than a fair
that a mare finally held there is a
beautiful program for her twins the pump
in bed has fun playing abroad is going
very very very very fast oh you that
stop everything and no it's really a
great high speed it's more of a
American
well
no
ladies
m
yesterday
God
m
no
he is there
m